Please make sure views can be swapped in and out of, for now, there is only one view, but I may choose to add more later, so be ready to swap them in and out.
View 1 - Week view
Vertical rectangular cards that hold each days tasks and activities, staring from Monday on the left, having the five weekday cards, a slightly larger gap and then the two weekend cards. Each card contains it's tasks for the day, and is structured with the start of the day at the top, and is spaced depending on time. Time is consistent for the week, but only shows working hours, which can be decided by the user. For example, if working hours start at 6am, the first task which takes one hour may show at 6, and has the height of one hour, then there may be a 2 hour gap before the next task. Above each cards is the first three letters of the day of week and then the day of the month. The day of the week it is, is highlighted, previous days are slightly greyed out. On todays date, there is a red bar, which has the time in a circle that sits in the middle, the bar shows sits at the height of the time in the day it is, for example, if it is 12pm, it sits at the 12pm height. Tasks are displayed as cards in the day cards. On the left, there is a circle, which can be ticked, and the task will turn green. On the right of the circle, task information shows. For non-task items, called, "activities", there is no circle to press. On the right there is an X to delete task, the X does not show up for completed tasks. Below the 7 day cards, there is a centre aligned bar, with placeholder text "add tasks, edit calendar…" this is where the user tells the system to input information. If a task is in the past, but not completed, it should show as orange, and a button to reschedule. On repeating tasks or activities, there should be a repeating icon. When clicking on a task/activity card, it should bring up a modal with more information, and the ability to edit. 